Prepare release 0.12.1 (#142)
GaloisInc/llvm-pretty: CHANGELOG.md

# Revision history for llvm-pretty

## 0.12.1.0 (August 2024)

> * Fix for printing NANs and INF floating point values.
> 
> * Add Support for more AtomicRWOp

Reviewer: Minor typographical suggestions:

```suggestion
* Fix for printing NaN and infinite floating point values.

* Add support for more AtomicRWOps.
```
